Myself Manikandan done my BE(EEE) from bharath engineering College at 2013, After my graduation i started my career in

Kryptos Technologies has a Trainee Monitoring i was worked with a L2 engineers a assign complex requests. I was worked with monitoring, generating reports like a servers, CPU, Memory and utilizations from linux servers using top, df, free, uptime ina adaily and weekly basis sent to the clients.

I got a experiance in a cognizant technology i started work has in a ITIL processing, Ticketing basis i give a support. I got a experiance in linux servers like FTP, NFS, SAMBA,configurations and used ina hands on experiance , user administration, i saw a complex issues like kernal panic issue, cpu load, storage issues.  I have a work experience in RHEL 6, 7 and CentOS, Oracle Linux, Ubuntu flavours, installations and configurations. I have completed RHCSA certificate at 2018. well know with the file systems partions manually and well know know with the file system hyraricy like /, /boot, /bin, /sbin,

My previous experiance build and release team with azure cloud environment where linux servers are hosted.  1) we do a VM build using Jarvis automation tool. we will get the required inputs from the client using the build template and will do the build using this tool once build is done we will perform the post validations on the server.  2) OS patching, on a quartely basis whenever new release in redhat announced.  3) BAU activities like incident handling, ticket managment, defect management.  4) Co-ordinated end to end in all CRQ implementatations.  5) SOP document preparation on regular BAU Activiteis.    I have resolving customer issues via the telephone, emails, slack messengers (or) Zoom meeting session.  Regular followups with customers with recommendations and updates.

I got a opportunity ina verizon technologies as a Application Support engineer.  we are supporting application called reveal for both US and Europe customers which  helps in tracking vehicle, pulling and analyse of datas.  whatevers activities taking place in the application we will be responsible for it.  whatever may be the issue we need to validate the alerts, quicj response to the issues following up end to end till it get resolved.  We normally use differenct kinds of tools for the monirtoring purpose for this application we have 4 to 5 monitoring tools like new relic, pingdom, rabbitmq, appdynamics. Here all the ,omitoring tools are integraterate into the slack channels and additional monitoring also called checkmk background with the nagios related application all the alerts notifies int he slack channel and activities related CAB related acctiviteis also be notoified in the slack channel.  If any issues or anything went wrong in the application we will get notification on this slack channel and we need to respond the alert immediatley and needs to check the whether ts false alert or valid alert and need to be informed in the channel if the alert is valid then we need to identitify then with the some inatial troubleshooting steps and analysing customer facing issues and impacts as wll by needs to coordinate with the relavent team and rectify the organizing a war room we will be creating an incident SMAX to track the issues.   Has well we are supporting has salesforce tickets its customer service realted we asare managing su
